Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: robot-brains
Version: 0.1.0
Summary: FTC alternative robot programming language
Home-page: https://github.com/dangyogi/robot-brains.git
Author: Bruce Frederiksen
Author-email: dangyogi@gmail.com
License: MIT License
Description: # robot-brains
        
        FTC "easy robot programming" alternative to Blockly (overly simple with no
        support for modules) and Java (vastly too complicated with no real support for
        robot programming).
        
        # Goals
        
        - First, and foremost, easy to program.
        
          - This is targeted at high school students who have never programmed before.
        
        - Modularity
        
          - Allow the program to be represented as a set of independent bite-sized
            modules.
           
          - Allow re-use of modules across different programs (FTC "opmodes").
        
          - Support the creation of team libraries that can be re-used from season to
            season.
           
            - This allows teams to capture and reuse what they've learned, so that they
              can continually improve from one season to the next.
        
        - Direct support for State Machines.
        
          - Often robot autonomous routines are diagrammed as state machines with
            chains of actions linked together, branching at decision points.
         
          - This language directly supports that using Decision Logic Tables for the
            branching decision points, and labeled blocks of code for actions that are
            linked with simple "goto" statements.
        
            - This language has no stack, so infinite loops of gotos are directly
              supported.
        
        - Autonomous programming is easy.
        
          - With no stack, it is very easy to run multiple autonomous threads
            concurrantly.  For example, move forward 5 ft while raising the elevator
            14 inches.
        
Keywords: FTC robot programming blockly
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 2 - Pre-Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Topic :: Education
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Code Generators
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Compilers
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Embedded Systems
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
